#summary How to use Eclipse, SVN and Maven (not complete yet)
#labels Phase-Implementation

= How to use Eclipse, SVN and Maven (not complete yet) =

== Prerequisite ==
I'm using these plugins under Eclipse:
  * [http://subclipse.tigris.org/ subclipse] plugin
  * [http://m2eclipse.codehaus.org/ M2Eclipse] plugin

== Setup ==
Install Subclipse and the Maven Eclipse plugins.   
  # In Eclipse go to Help &rarr; Software Updates &rarr; Find and Install.
  # Choose "Search for new features to install"
  # The required plugin URLs for subclipse and M2Eclipse are:
  #* http://subclipse.tigris.org/update_1.0.x
  #* http://m2eclipse.codehaus.org/update/

Once installed, select the "SVN Repository" Eclipse perspective and add 
  * https://gwtwiki.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/
as a repository URL. 

Open the trunk node and _right click_ on the _info.bliki.wiki_ node, select the "Find/Check out as..." menu option.
In the following dialog box you can _Check out_ the source code from SVN.

= Maven install =
Now change back to the Eclipse _Java perspective_.

For the Maven plugin to recognize the module dependencies you have to:
  * _right click_ in the _Package Explorer_ view on the info.bliki.wiki project node and choose the _Properties_ menu
  * in the left tree of the appearing dialog box select the Maven node.
  * in the right Maven panel enable the checkbox _Include Modules_

As a result the line 
  {{{includeModules=true}}}
should be set in the file:
  {{{info.bliki.wiki/.settings/org.maven.ide.eclipse.prefs}}}

In the _Package Explorer_ view do a _right mouse click_ on the {{{pom.xml}}} file and select the menu _Run As -> Maven build..._.

In the appearing dialog box choose the _install_ goal and run Maven.