#summary Release notes
#labels Featured
#sidebar TableOfContents

<wiki:toc max_depth="2" />

== Version 3.0.15 ([MavenSupport unreleased]) ==
  * Refactoring - extract method substituteTemplateCall(templateName, parameterTreeMap, writer) to IWikiModel interface and default implementation to AbstractWikiModel, so that users can override the default behaviour - r1515
  * new Dump2HTMLCreatorExample.java - create static HTML files from a given Mediawiki dump. See MediaWikiDumpSupport. 
  * incompatible changes with older versions in {{{info.bliki.wiki.dump.IArticleFilter interface}}}
  * MediaWiki authentication no longer works. Patch from user shilad - Issue44
  * Demo application [http://code.google.com/p/gwtwiki/source/browse/trunk/info.bliki.wiki/bliki-core/src/test/java/info/bliki/wiki/dump/DumpExample.java DumpExample.java], which iterates through a compressed or uncompressed Wikipedia XML dump file (depending on the given file extension _.gz_, _.bz2_ or _.xml_) and prints the title and raw wiki text of the articles. See MediaWikiDumpSupport. - r1349
  * added maven dependency to [http://commons.apache.org/compress/ commons-compress]
  * Ignore space and tab characters at the beginning of a wikipedia table row or cell
  * "pre" tag with "name" attribute is not a good idea in syntax highlighters - issue43
  * IDs can't contain "." at the begining and "(", ")", "/" elsewere - Issue41

== Version 3.0.14 ==
  * Added {{#iferror:...}} parser function
  * Improved template parser 
  * [MediaWikiAPISupport]: GZIP support for getting contents - Issue35
  * Added {{subst:...}} parser function
  * Added info.bliki.api.creator.HTMLCreatorExample to load a wiki page, templates and images from en.wikipedia.org and render it into an HTML file.
  * BlikiConverter - A converter tool for using the Wiki2HTML, Plain2Wiki and HTML2Wiki conversion functions in a Java Swing GUI (r841)
  * Fixed PlainTextConverter ignores the text field in between [ ] - Issue34
  * Set an optional template call cache implementation in the IConfiguration#setTemplateCallsCache(Map<String, String> map) method. The cache implementation could be based on [http://jcp.org/en/jsr/detail?id=107 JSR 107] for example. Template calls which use the same parameters over and over again do lookup this cache and use the preparsed result if available (r779).
  * Wikipedia API: Fixed problems with intranet wiki and "byte order mark" - Issue33 
  * Fixed Image links that have intra-page link are broken - Issue31
  * Fixed html output for some preformatted text isn't encoded - Issue30
  * Fixed some image attributes are not encoded - Issue29
  * Fixed html table output can be invalid if input wiki markup is invalid - Issue28
  * HTML output for references does not encode some attribute values - Issue27
  * Fixed HTML output is invalid for some references with template interaction - Issue26
  * Fixed HTML output is invalid for some images with inline quotes - Issue25
  * Change Performance issue : toLowerCase on parseURIScheme - Issue23
  * Added simple python code formatter
  * Improved source code formatter handling. Try to auto detect some programming languages.


== Version 3.0.13 ==
  * more JUnit wiki parser tests
  * Changed encoding for Maven explicitly to UTF-8 
  * Added Wikipedia namespaces class
  * Fixed Issue19
  * Fixed Issue16

== Version 3.0.12 ==
  * Don't convert first character to uppercase character for interwiki topics
  * Allow floating-point numbers like 1.0E10 in math expressions.
  * Avoid unnecessary memory allocation for substrings
  * Add support for telefone call - Issue11
  * [MediaWikiAPISupport]: added "edittoken" for query
  * [MediaWikiAPISupport]: added "edit" action support.
  * [MediaWikiAPISupport]: use builder pattern to create the query for the Wikipedia API
  * [MediaWikiAPISupport]: added Parse action support  
  * [MediaWikiAPISupport]: added the "lgdomain" parameter for User() constructor and Connector#login() method - Issue8
  * More Mediawiki compatible handling for non-closed tags: {{{&lt;noinclude>, &lt;includeonly>, &lt;onlyinclude>}}}

== Version 3.0.11 ==
  * the bliki-core Maven artifact is now available in this repository (thanks Daniel Sendula). More information can be found in page MavenSupport 
  * support for the &lt;onlyinclude> tag in templates
  * support for Image size format {width}x{height}px
  * dropped Trac support
  * Using '.' instead of '%' in table of content "anchor links"
  * Using Flying Saucer - R8pre2 now
  * Italian language properties contributed by Giuseppe Profiti
  * Added first version of PlainTextConverter, a converter which renders the internal tree node representation as plain text without HTML tags and images 